feat: changing order of crs-toolchain installation methods (#127)
coreruleset/documentation: content/development/crs_toolchain.md

## Setup

### With the Binary

> Alternatively, one of the pre-built binaries can be downloaded from GitHub. Navigate to the [latest release](https://github.com/coreruleset/crs-toolchain/releases/latest) and download the package of choice along with the `crs-toolchain-checksums.txt` file. To verify the integrity of the binary/archive, navigate to the directory where the two files are stored and verify that the checksum matches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to get the tool is using one of the pre-built binaries from GitHub. Navigate to the [latest release](https://github.com/coreruleset/crs-toolchain/releases/latest) and download the package of choice along with the `crs-toolchain-checksums.txt` file. To verify the integrity of the binary/archive, navigate to the directory where the two files are stored and verify that the checksum matches:
```

```bash
cd ~/Downloads
shasum -a 256 -c crs-toolchain-checksums.txt 2>&1 | grep OK
```

The output should look like the following (depending on the binary/archive downloaded):

```bash
crs-toolchain-1.0.0_amd64.deb: OK
```

### With Existing Go Environment

> If a current Go environment is present, simply run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This might require an updated version of golang in your system.

If a current Go environment is present, simply run
```
